Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining me again today. I really
appreciate it. Let's pray tonight
and we're going to seek the Lord, but
I'll go over some things. I've taken
some time and was seeking the Lord,
and he visited me today,
specifically about the church.
And the things that he was talking to me
about were very stern.
He gave me 1 Corinthians 5:5
and he talked to me about the ministers
of the church around the world and
what's about to take place to the ones
that will not listen, that have not
proclaimed that Jesus Christ is coming
and there's no urgency behind the
pulpit.
He talked to me about 1 Corinthians 5:5;
he gave me the verse specifically for
the church.
And he talked to me about mega ministers
that he's come to them, and they have
lots of fame, lots of money, lots of
status, and
clout—whatever
you
say—all
these people
follow
them.
And he said, 'I've come to them and I've
told them to preach certain
messages and I've told them to tell
my people that I'm coming, and they've
turned a stiff neck toward me and they
keep going the direction that they want
to go.
But I'm out of time.
I'm out of time, Brandon.
This dispensation of grace, this
era,
this season that we've been in is coming
to an end. The Great Tribulation is
right upon us. And I desire that no man
should perish but all come to
repentance.
And because they have not listened,
because they've not obeyed what I've
asked them to do, seedtime and harvest
is now accelerated.
And whatsoever a man sows, that will he
also reap.'He said, 'Brandon, I did not
do what's about to happen. I took my
hand
off.'You
can read that scripture in just
a second.
What was I saying?
Acceleration of
seedtime
and harvest.
And because of this, what you're about
to see is a great shaking in my church.
He said 2025 was a year of grace for
warnings of what I've spoken and said
over and over again.
This will not catch them unaware.
This will not catch them with their eyes
closed. They know; they've been warned.
And what you're about to see in the
church is what I've been
talking about, what the Lord has
had me say over and over again
to a lot of the elders.
And he said, 'Brandon, I'll use you if
you say the hard things, and I'm going
to say the hard things.'And he said to
me, 'A lot of these
mega pastors that have multiple campuses
and large
congregations,
I've
wanted them to say certain things and
warn my people that I'm coming and have
an urgency behind the pulpit of my soon
return, but they still do not. Their
head is in the sand. Their eyes are
closed to what's going on
around them. It's
money-based;
it's fame-based. It's
keeping the status quo because you don't
want to lose your congregation if you
preach a hard word about the Tribulation
or the end times. So, you don't warn the
people. You don't tell them what's
coming.'So
I saw
Corinthians 5:5.
He said, 'I'll hand them over so that
they don't burn in
hell. They'll be
shaken on this earth, but they'll be
greatly tried in the days ahead. And
you'll see ministers be greatly
tried.'And
he showed me specific ones—and I'll
not say their
names—but
he told me these
specific ministers. And he said, 'These
men that you're seeing,
these are the ones that will be at
the forefront.'But
he said, 'Brandon,
it's a wake-up call
for all my church,
not just for the ones that are
behind the pulpit, but for the whole
church.
It's a cleaning of the house.
It's separating the wheat from the
tares.
It's getting the bride ready for what's
about to take place.'And he said, 'I
want you to pray into 2026.
I want you to intercede into
2026.'I
have had these
visitations.
I'm telling you, Diana has her
phone full of words that he'll
download about 2026 and 2027, but
finishing this year and what he is
requiring of his church and what he
wants for us to do to bring in the
lost.
And it was a great shaking inside of me.
I tell you that much. I
repented.
I said, 'My goodness, Lord, am I
there?'Always
realizing that he could use
anybody—it's
not just about me or Diana or
our platform that God has given
us—but
being co-laborers with Christ,
doing this with him and
attract to deflect,
staying vertical. I realize that there's
a lot of demon-possessed people that
follow me.
I realize there's a lot of people that
would try to be a distraction.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, there
are
a lot of demon-possessed people that
need to be free.'And I don't say that
laughing; it's serious.
But there's a lot of it that the Lord
has warned me about: the distractions and
staying on course. Staying
vertical; don't go horizontal. You must
stay vertical
for what's about to take place. And he
talked to me
about certain key
political figures
that will not be here very much longer.
He talked to me about many 9/11s,
and he emphasized the word 'many'.
Small
but many,
many 9/11s. And there were people who said,
'What about Kim?'He said, 'There will
be no more 9/11s. There'll be nothing
like that.'You know what? I can't go by
what the Lord told Kim. I go by
what the Lord told me. And just like
whenever the prophet went before
the king and said, 'You
are
about to
die,'but
then he repented and he gave him 15 more
years. There's things that change in the
spirit realm, doors that are open in the
spirit realm. Do you understand? Because
of a people that have turned their back
on God, that have voted in people that
are not godly, that are standing for
abominations
to the Bible. So
words are altered and changed just like
they were in the Bible. Do you
understand? And the Lord said to me,
'There is a different path. There
are
things that have changed in the
spirit realm. And there are
many 9/11s. There are many shakings
coming,'and
that's whenever he warned me
that it will not be
all of them all at
the same time on the same day. Some of
them will be, but they'll be
back-to-back
to create instability
and
fear so that you don't want to
live a normal life, that you
second-guess
the freedoms that you have.
And that's why they said it would be a
flex even in
Hawaii, on Oahu, Hawaii, that
there's a group there that would
try to have a flex, that they even
infiltrated our islands.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray to
always be in the right place at the
right time,
listening to me, praying and seeking
my face on a daily
basis.'And
like I said, I don't come on here
to stir up fear. I come on here to have
an urgency to pray.
And we saw the eight.
I said, 'I see the seven, but there's
one standing out.'He wasn't a Democrat.
That's what I learned. He was an
independent and he voted with
them.
We give all the glory to Jesus because
we all know that he's the potter and
we're the clay. And how many
people tell you, 'Oh, how awesome! You
can see, you can
hear.'But
what was the rest of the message the
same night?
It was a warning to the church. It was a
warning to the people about a major
event in Times Square.
John Lennon's song is about
communism.
Who got voted in? Socialism.
Imagine by John Lennon is
a socialist song. But
look who got voted in.
Not everything is always black and white when the Lord
gives me a message. It's
a
type and shadow.
The Lord's trying to tell you just to
look into it; it's symbolic.
What he is saying
is that there's a flash. I saw that man on
the stage,
but I never told you. There
are
things that I'll never reveal,
but I see these things when the flash
took place.
When you see in part, you hear in part,
and I try to warn you about the other
things. I've seen many attacks,
lone wolf attacks, a 'Red
Dawn'experience.
Watch Cuba. Watch Ukraine. The Lord
said, 'You heard right. It was 15
million.'Remember
I said there was $15
million that was allocated that
we're messing with? I was praying and he
said it was right: 15 million, not 15
billion. 15 million is easier to hide
when it comes to a
trillion-dollar
budget. 15 million is much easier to
hide. You can mess around with 15
million when you have
trillions.
When you're pushing for a lot of
corruption, 15 million is really easy to
hide.
When you're dealing with billions,
there's a lot of slush funds
that people don't realize where that
money goes, but it's for biological
weapons.
Biological—there's
a lot there. And
remember I told you I saw 24 billion in
a strategic account when Biden was in
power. I saw 24 billion and
it was being
manipulated and put into secret accounts
around the world.
Do you remember that? I said they were
using it and they'll use it for
funding their campaigns in the
future.
They know a storm is coming.
Many of them know a storm is coming,
and the same thing with all these
people getting stuck on Atlas. I told
you all Atlas will become nothing
watching the days ahead. It will
become nothing. I've prayed over this,
but there's another thing that
will be what Oral Roberts saw
looking at Atlas. I see Atlas, but as I'm
looking at it, I'm looking at this
thing and the Lord says, 'This is not what
you're looking
for.'There's
something else bigger coming
that will shake the world and it will be
a sign of my Son's return.
There will be fearful sights that you
will see that will bring you to your
knees.
For man's hearts will fail them for fear,
looking after those things that are
coming on the earth.
And that's what we're about to see. And
he talked to me today more about
the five shakings again:
there'll be a shaking in politics,
there'll be a shaking in the earth's
crust, there'll be a shaking in the
heavens, there'll be a shaking in the
finances, and there'll be a shaking in
my church.
And there'll be shakings to the point
where they'll all happen like labor
pains upon a
woman—back-to-back
events happening all
the time. Finances? 'The sky is
falling.'Politics?
People are saying, 'What's
going on?'with what we see with the
standoff. But the Lord said, 'I
want you to pray into 2026
and I'll reveal things to you.'I started
interceding and I saw the budget.
I've warned you about Trump
walking a pig
that had makeup on, and it was the housing
market. And as he was walking the pig
and parading the pig, this new idea,
the housing market started to go up.
People were excited about this new pig
idea, but a pig's still a pig;
it's not good.
And he comes out after I gave this word
with a 50-year mortgage.
50-year mortgage! Oh, what a deal that
is; you'll pay on your house for your
whole life. I'm not trying to criticize because
I
know he watches,
but it's just truth, sir: it's a pig.
I just have to be bold and
tell you the truth; it's a pig.
And the Lord said the 50-year
mortgage
is not a good deal for the people.
You'll pay interest for three times
what that house is worth over the 50
years.
So if you borrow a million dollars
on a home, on the average house in
California, you're going to pay over
$5 million on that house if at 7%
interest—or
whatever it is—you'll pay
over $5 million over 50 years.
That's a terrible deal.
But I believe it will pass and people
will get this going, and the banks will
do this because I saw him walking in the
housing market, remember? And it was
transparent; it wasn't solid.
And I saw, come January in the next
two months, there was some kind of
something coming, and
he had a golden quill in his hand,
and it looked like something like the
Declaration of Independence. There
was something that he's about to sign.
I saw this timeframe. Now, what year is
it? That's what you have to know. When
you're seeing in part, hearing in part, you
don't always know what year it is, but
you know it's coming. People wanted to
know about the hollyberry
bush: 'Brandon, is this the year of the
major hollyberry bush, the red when the
angel came to you and talked to
you?'I
remember.
It was a
life-exchanging
experience with the Lord. I
remember everything.
The angel came to me and put his hands
on my lips and he said, 'Brandon, you
must be still. They're not dead yet.
They can't handle
it.'I
said, 'Well, I want to tell them about
the investments which you've given
me.'And
he said, 'They're not dead yet; you
must be
still.'And
he said, 'Watch the hollyberry
bush,'remember?
And it was turning red,
and the berries are red, and it was about
the timeframe that a major crash would
take place. And I saw the snowfall. I saw
an Aston Martin in the driveway.
There were things that the Lord showed me
specifically, but I wrote on the copper
pot that was
tempered—it
was all tattered and beat up—and I
wrote a name. And I can't do that
because everyone goes,
'You're trying to write the name! I know
what you're writing!'No, I'm not
telling you what it is, because the Lord
said 'no'and the angel said, 'Shh.'But I'm
telling you, I saw in this
timeframe,
it was during the winter months, I saw a
major crash. Is it this year? No, I
don't believe it's this year.
Do I believe it's because there's a lot
of people who think that the economic crisis
is coming? The Lord said, 'I'm giving
you a
window.'This
is my opinion.
So if we go into a deep depression in
January, you can't sit there and say,
'Well, you told us it was going to be
great times.'That is in my opinion
what the Holy Spirit told me, and
I
come on here and I pray with you and I
tell you what I feel like the Lord's
telling me. If it's
wrong, I apologize; I'm human.
But I tell you by what I feel in
my spirit.
It's me getting
a perfect message
from an imperfect vessel. I'm only
perfected by his blood, and it's coming
through a pipe that
sometimes has stuff in it. I might have
had a bad day,
you know? And people say, 'Well, that's
not like the people in the
Bible.'And
Brandon, I never claimed to be a
prophet;
never did. People try to label
me that all the time. Watch
me; I tell you, I'm here to pray. The
Lord said, 'You're called to intercede.
Pray for the nations, Brandon.'And I do.
And he said, 'I'll show you what's to
come and you can pray for
it.'So
I do the best I can. I saw that
angel coming to me and telling me that.
He said, 'And then I've warned you about
a major shaking of the finances. I
warned you about all these things, but
the Lord said, "I'm giving you a
window."'And
a wave that's transparent will
happen. And I saw it come, and it was at
the beginning of the year. And a wave
came and the finances were there. And
great blessing was on the body of Christ
for a window of time.
It
didn't last very long; the wave didn't
last very long.
And as the ground was
gold—all
on the gold was about that
much—he
said, 'Fill your pockets.
Fill your pockets.
For there's not much there, but it's
enough to get you in the overflow for
what's coming, for a great storm is
coming.'A
great storm is coming, and he
still talks about that storm almost
every day,
warning me, keeping me on track, praying
in the spirit. So, this is what I have
for you today. I saw a major political
figure in Israel be taken out.
It will shake the nation.
I saw old faces coming back
because of this man. A great shaking is
coming. The Lord said the third temple will be
negotiated soon.
There
will be
an acceleration of things in Israel with
my people.
But I can't say that word. He said,
'Be still no
more.'You
know, when you're on live
and
I have to watch what I say. The
Lord said there will be things that I tell
you from now on that you're
not going to be able to talk about
everything anymore.
But we must pray now
for Black Friday,
specifically about the Mall of America
and
the
Atlanta airport.
You can have a list of things to pray
for; the Mall of America and Atlanta
are
very serious, especially the airport.
New Year's Eve, of course, Times Square.
Do you
know where the two
men stand in Times Square
on CNN?
They stand
on a platform, but their backs are
facing the ball
on this side.
Can you tell me their names, please,
son?
He works for CNN, and the other guy is from Bravo.
It doesn't matter; they're
gay.
This is
Anderson Cooper and
Andy
Cohen,
whatever his name is.
Over on this side, there's a building
right here. Midway up, there is something
that happens in that building.
There is a flash, a light that
will come from there if we don't
pray. You say, 'Well, Brandon, that's a
cop-out.'No,
I'm telling you what I see
in these visions.
But I saw a flash. What year? I don't
know. Because of that man—do you know
who I'm talking about?
The guy that just won.
The man that just
won—oh,
Mayor
Mamdani.
If he stands on the platform in January—this
is
the
timeframe
because he was
standing on the platform greeting the
people.
He was there when this flash took place.
So if he's there in January, we
really pray about this. But if it's next
year, I don't know. I see sometimes
years in advance;
sometimes I see it right in front of
your face. This is seeing
in
part
and
hearing in part, but I saw his
face.
He's the one that pushes down the thing
that makes the ball go, and
as they sing that song, that flash took
place.
Now, why would the Muslim Brotherhood
want to take out a Muslim? I don't know.
That's why I don't understand everything
I see, but I saw his face.
Maybe it's not
Braden because I saw Ukraine.
What if it's not terrorists like that? Do
you understand? I see in part. Do you
remember I said I saw an arrow
go
to Ukraine, back to Russia,
and back like this?
I thought
about that when I just said that.
I piece everything together in my
natural mind, which is
often
dangerous because you shouldn't add to or
take away from anything the Lord shows
you. But you try to make sense of it. I
start going, 'Well, Lord, why
would they try to hurt their
own?'But
what if it's not
terrorists?
Because I saw Ukraine and I saw an arrow
pointing to Ukraine and Russia.
As I saw Israel,
I saw an old face coming back
that was very liberal.
He had an agenda to bring forth
the Antichrist as quickly as possible
and
to run with this
to bring forth the end times. What else was
the Lord telling
me about the man in Hawaii?
He told you about the harvest that
they're trying to modify.
We talked about the seeds, and he
said there'll be a year shortly
where
all your crops—farmers—will not
produce because of a genetically
modified seed
for a certain crop. I believe it
looked like corn or wheat, but he
said there would be no harvest that
year in America
and
around the world
because a lot of the seeds
being planted were tainted.
It's supposed to be a more hearty
seed,
but it will not produce that year and it
will cause famine
because the seed was
manipulated.
What God has made is perfect.
Man thinks he can take AI and create
a super-seed that produces better, is
more hearty, and doesn't die as
easily.
The
poop
they'll feed you. But
whenever this happens, I saw a seed that
will not produce for a whole entire
year.
There'll be nothing because they messed
with nature. I saw superstorms again.
I saw weather manipulation
and
weather
warfare—governments
manipulating warfare with weather.
They will use it with things like
HAARP
to create superstorms in the days ahead.
Sometimes you have major
hurricanes and tornado seasons, and
sometimes we have nothing.
It's by design. Jamaica was a test;
it was altered.
The storm was a Category 5 and it was
manipulated.
They will continue to do this and
use it for war.
It will look so innocent, but many
people will lose their lives because of
it.
Remember what the Lord said: as
they try to gain control, they will lose
control.
They'll make storms that they
lose control over,
causing
great devastation. It
wasn't
supposed to be that big, but they'll
lose control because they're
playing with things they
have no business playing with.
I saw great rain in areas and
great drought.
I saw snowstorms that will bury houses
and cars. It will be massive.
He even said Buffalo
and
major areas up East. I saw
winter storms with 100
mph
wind
gusts
and
nor'easters,
bad storms.
So we pray over that because I saw
people who couldn't get out of
their houses.
I saw ice storms that went from
Oklahoma all the way up, crippling ice
storms. People lost power for a long
time because the purple was so deep.
It
was an ice storm that
was terrible and went clear up through
Arkansas,
Tennessee, and Kentucky.
It was different
shades of pink, purple, and black.
Major ice storms—they will be a
thousand
miles long. You say, 'Well, Brandon, you said a thousand
miles
long.'The
Lord said
1 Corinthians 5:5. That's what you need
to pay attention to right now. 1
Corinthians 5:5. That's what's coming:
a major shaking to awaken, but a
glorious church will rise. A lot of you
are asleep.
But he started
talking about being the co-laborers in
Christ.
He said,
'Brandon,
you're co-laborers with me. Don't you get
it?'It's
like
a
little
toddler holding your daddy's
hammer. It's like Braden is
a little boy. "Hey, carry the
hammer."You
really don't need him to carry the
hammer,
but he is just a part of it because he's your
child.
"Hey, hold the fishing pole,
buddy."So
you hold the fishing pole and, really,
he's not big enough to reel in that big
catfish. He's up there and he's trying
real hard, but you're the one with
your
hands on his, and you're reeling in
that fish together.
He's reeling in the fish together
because you have God has His hand on
yours; you're
co-laborers.
As He is, so are you in this world,
and you're calling those things that be
not as though they were. Romans,
I believe,
calling those things that be not as
though they were. We're calling those
things, and your co-laborers and you're
reeling in the fish. He really
doesn't
need you, just as much as a
toddler doesn't need Daddy. I mean, as
much as the toddler thinks he's in
charge and he's reeling in the fish.
Do you get what I'm saying? You have a
hold of that pole and the daddy's up
there and he's reeling it in. But that
little boy thinks, "Oh, I had a part
in
this,"but
the dad's just doing it because he's
a good dad.
That's the way it is with our Father.
He's God of everything.
He's over everything, you understand?
But we're co-laborers. We're a
part. He just has His hand on ours;
He's helping reel in that fish.
And He's saying, "Good job, buddy.
You did it."But it's the anointing in
you that breaks the yoke, but it's all
His. He's sufficient. It's everything.
It's all His, do you understand?
Without Him, we can do nothing. "Apart
from Me, you can do nothing."That's what
Jesus said. "Apart from Him, I can do
nothing."But
His hand is on my fishing pole.
That's the way He showed it to me today.
He
said,
"Apart from Me, you can do nothing,
Brandon.
You can't see nothing.
You are nothing without
Me."Never
forget that.
I was out and I was blowing the leaves.
Boy, the leaves are falling. We have a
lot of oak trees and stuff.
And the leaves were falling,
and I said, "Lord, I don't know how
I can keep doing this channel,
all the things that You've asked me to
do."He
said, "Always remember that
apart from Me, you can do nothing.
Always remember the statement you just
said, that you are depending on Me."We're
co-laborers.
I'm dependent on Him just to
do this channel every single time I come
on here and talk with y'all. I can do
nothing without Him. I can't make the
gift happen. When you all show up,
6,500 of you want to know what's coming
next, I don't know.
I'm a vessel.
I decrease, He
increases.
I'm on His potter's wheel. And that's why
I try to tell you, He uses a lot of you
knuckleheads to try to send the
emails probably to buffet my flesh,
because I got a lot of haters. I got a
lot of people who like me, but He said the
same people who, just like they said
to
Brandon, "Hosanna in
the highest,"they
were throwing the palm
leaves down before me and they were
excited about my coming, were the
same ones that were saying
"crucify Him"a couple days later.
People's
opinions will change like the water,
like the wind, like the waves. It
changes all the time.
Tides come and they go. But what I'm trying
to tell you is, that's what
He told me about you all. He goes,
"They'll be liking you in one moment,
but I give you a hard word and they're
going to hate
you."But
He said, "Always remain the same and
do what I ask you to do."So that's what
we do tonight. So let's take communion
and let's pray together. Who wants to go
tubing? That was what I had. Was it
okay? Did y'all get anything out of
that? I tried to do a little recap. I
hadn't done a video in
two days. I needed some time, and I seek
Him.
His hand is on my hand.
I'm a glove and He fills the glove. I'm
a glove and He fills the glove,
and whenever He fills the glove, life
comes into the glove.
When He fills the glove, the glory comes
into the glove.
That's the way He described it to me
when He visited me.
He said, "My hand comes into you, your
glove, and I operate. But apart from
Me, you can do nothing. The glove is
useless and lifeless without the
Lord."He
says, "As soon as I put
My hand into that glove,
supernatural power comes on you and
you're able to pick things
up."Right?
Metaphor. The glory comes. I'm able to
turn the pages in the Bible. I'm able to
do things with the glove when
the hand's in the glove.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for
Your body that was broken for us. And we
thank You, Lord, for all that You've
showed us.
We have this treasure in
earthen
vessels, that the excellency of the power
may
be of You and not of us.
We bind the devil off of this prayer
time, Father. And I thank You, Lord,
that as He is, so are we in this world.
And we apply the blood of Jesus. And we
thank You, Lord, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force, we plead the blood of Jesus over
every single one of us. And we thank You,
Lord, for Your
mighty hand on this household, Father,
over my finances, over my wife, my
children, over all of us, that as He is,
so are we in this world.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that we're
healed and whole and well. By Your
stripes, we're healed. We apply the
blood of Jesus. Hey, you know what? Go.
Is your mom ready? Because I wanted her
to pray with me.
I'll let her take communion with me and
she can pray.
I'm going to bring in Diana so she can
pray. I did the first half, and
then I let her do what she was
doing. And then I've been drinking my
smoothies.
I don't like these, but I get
these from
Tropical
Smoothie Cafe, and I get the
greens and it's like baby food. But the
Lord told me to take care of myself
more. I just go,
"Isn't it funny how things that
taste really bad are so good for
you?"I
mean, really, greens are gross.
Is she coming?
Yeah. Okay, move it back so she can
stand up and come pray with us. Sorry
for the delay. We had—we're at
halftime.
Well, not really even halftime, because
I'm going to pray for Diana for about an hour, but
halftime for you all, I guess, for
intermission,
a few moments later.
We need the background music, you know,
"We'll be
back."Oh,
our sponsor. I can tell you this.
Can I say that?
There is going to be an
exposing of an adulterous affair that
lasted two years prior, and a lot of people
will be very disappointed.
There'll be an adulterous affair uncovered
in the days ahead that lasted for two
years,
and many people will be disappointed.
But it will not
derail everything.
A great scandal.
Come on.
Let me get—you want me to get out, or you
want to crawl over?
Oh, I can just do this.
I'll keep your shirt down.
Sorry. There you go.
Welcome.
Hi.
Welcome to the forest. Where
are we at today, son? I forgot. Huh?
Wait.
Are we at the zoo? Are
we at the beach? Where are we? Here,
you can read First Corinthians 5:5 if you
want.
All right, let's pray. Will you take
communion with me for a minute?
Oh, Father.
Okay,
and going to verse four, the verse
before, it says,
"In the name of our Lord Jesus
Christ..."Speak
loud.
Sorry, let me see.
"In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ,
when you are gathered together, along
with my spirit, with the power of our
Lord Jesus Christ, deliver such a one to
Satan for the destruction of the flesh,
that his spirit may be saved in the day
of the Lord
Jesus."So
because they are
stiff-necked
and they're not
listening,
He would rather them go through a little
bit of something and refine them so that
they don't go to hell forever. That's
the way—I just said that's just
real simple terms,
right?
Yes.
So Father, we just thank You, Father,
for Your word. We thank You for Your
body. We thank You, Lord, for how good
You are.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've
done. We thank You, Lord, for passing
the budget. We thank You. What are
you looking
for,
love?
Oh, I was just looking up. If you want
me to read it in the Amplified, but
that's fine. Let's just pray.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for
the blood. We thank you for the body.
And we take this, Father, in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that by
your stripes, we're healed. By your
stripes, we are healed and whole and
well in Jesus'name. And we take the
body and we believe, Father, that we
receive your healing power that flows
on the inside of us. Healed and whole
and well by your stripes, uninterrupted
and unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We take this body right now in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord,
that Christ be for us. Who can be
against us? We're healed and whole
and well in Jesus'name, and that as he is,
so are we in this world, and we take this
body in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, for your body.
Lord,
we make much of the blood, and the
blood makes much of us, and we apply the
blood.
Thank you, Father, for the blood that
never loses its power.
It never loses its power.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you dwell on the
inside, that we're wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost.
Father, if there's anything you want to
show us tonight, if there's anything
that we need to see, I plead the blood
of Jesus over my eyes. Over my eyes,
Father, my spiritual eyes, and I cover
me in the blood. And we put angels all
around us. Father, we put angels
all around us
that the angels of the Lord are camping
around and about us, Father.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you for the blood.
We thank you, Father, for how good
you've been to us. And we thank you
for
angels'aid
and assistance.
We thank you for the angels, Father. We
thank you for the angels. We thank you,
Father, for the angels that
they bear us up in their hands, lest we
dash our foot against the stone. That
we're always in the right place at the
right time doing exactly what you've
asked us to do. We apply the blood. I
apply the blood. I apply the blood over
Diana,
over me and my wife and my
children. I apply the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that the hand of
the Lord is upon us. That the name of
the Lord is a strong tower and the
righteous run into it and they are safe.
We plead the blood.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord. We confess our sins
now and we know, Father, that you're
faithful and just to forgive us of our
sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness, and we take the blood
and we thank you, Lord, that we apply it
to those, and we are free. We're
healed and whole and well. We walk
in divine health and we thank you, Lord,
that you show us that which is to come
in the name of Jesus. Amen.
Well,
that one's kind of trying to stick to the
bottom of it.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we make much of the blood. We
want to apply the blood.
Good. Here, read some of those
scriptures. I feel we need to read more
word tonight. Hebrews 9:11 and 14.
But Christ being come a high
priest of good things to come by a
greater and more perfect tabernacle, not
made with hands, that is to say, not of
this building, neither by the blood of
goats and calves, but by his own blood
he entered in once into the holy place,
having obtained eternal redemption for
us. For if the blood of bulls and of
goats, and the ashes of a
heifer
sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to
the purifying of the flesh, how much
more shall the blood of Christ, who
through the eternal Spirit offered
himself without spot to God, purge your
conscience from dead works to serve the
living God.
That's really good.
That's a plop and stop.
That's
what we just did with the blood.
And then 1 John 1:7. But if we walk
in the light as he is in the light, we
have fellowship one with another, and
the blood of Jesus Christ his son
cleanses us from all sin.
It cleanses us.
And the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses
us from all sin.
That's why people
are
more
focused on their sin,
but look at what Jesus did. He paid the
price for you to walk in victory over
it. We don't have to have bondage.
There were so many people that said they
had problems with pornography, they had
problems with drugs, they had
problems with alcohol,
and said as he is so are we in this
world. That's why I said in Romans,
call those things that be
not as though they were.
I'm free. Calling those things that be
not as though they were. I am free from
whatever it may be. I am free for whom
the son has set free is free indeed. I
call those things that be not as though
they were. I am free from cigarettes.
I am free from alcohol. I am free from
drugs. I'm calling those things that be
not as though they were.
So that's what you have to do when all
there is to do is stand. Stand
therefore. I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm not
moved by anything but what the word
of God says.
And if Christ be for me, who can be
against me?
You have more?
I don't know. I try to find some things
to stir myself up. Whenever you feel
it inside, you've got to have you. It
says,
'If ye abide in me and my words
remain in you, ask what you will and it
shall be done.'But his word has to be
abiding and remaining in you first.
You have to have a foundation of the
word of God inside of your heart before
you start praying. And
why would you do that? Because I'm
trying to demonstrate.
I realize when you're
dealing with so many people from all
ways of life all around, I have
Catholics, I have all kinds of people,
Baptist, Methodist, and
none of them really are taught how
to pray like this.
So I'm trying to teach you by
demonstration: divine word that pertains
to what you're believing for. Find
scripture. If ye abide in me and my
words remain in you,
you shall ask what you will and it
shall be done.
But if you say, 'Well, what
scripture are you standing
on?''Well,
nothing in particular.'Then you're not
going to get anything in particular.
Then you're going to keep walking around
the mountain.
Prayer needs backing by scripture.
word-backed
prayers.
He knows what you have need of
before you even ask. So when we go to
him tonight and we're praying over our
nation, when we pray over our president,
when we pray over these things,
we're not in fear. Fear tolerated is
faith contaminated.
Not allowing fear to dominate us
because perfect love casteth out all
fear. No matter if I see political
figures being taken out, people having
affairs, all these things happening,
it causes fear in the hearts. But
I had someone send me stuff.
Well, Brandon, as a seer, you can't let
that on the inside of you. I don't. As
soon as I get done with this, I put it
on the shelf. I don't even think about
it very much.
I see a lot but I don't allow it
to
enter in to dominate my
thought life. I let the word of God
dominate it and I tell you what I see as
a watchman. It's my job.
But I don't allow the fear of it.
If I focus on the plague and
what the Lord has showed us concerning
the plague going into praying over fall...
Okay, listen. I keep telling y'all
about this major plague, another plague,
but it doesn't happen until November and
December of a year. But I keep praying
into 2027 and 2028:
January, February, March, April, May. I
saw these months highlighted and they
were the boldest. And he said the plague
will be the strongest from January to
May.
The most of the people that pass away
will be from January to May.
You'll start to hear about it
in
November and it will really start to kick off
in December of that year.
What the Lord showed me was it will
start in Europe
with
rats—rats
from a lab
that will be released like the bubonic
plague
through AI technology.
It was spliced
with AI
and it was released
in key places
and it spread; it happened to the
animals as well as the humans.
I even saw a plague coming on the cows,
and they said there's a beef shortage
coming and there's no food for the beef.
But the Lord said, 'It's not all beef;
there's nothing wrong with the
beef.'But
people were eliminating cows.
Homegrown beef became very
expensive.
If you had your own organic farm, it
became very expensive for cows.
Father, we just thank you. Can I put
this down now? I don't like holding
the
microphone;
it's awkward, isn't it?
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father.
He said, 'Bring up the
gardens.'It's
the same with the gardens.
I saw it right then when I was praying.
I was looking over tower gardens
and
saw them again. We have two of
them,
tower gardens. They produce five pounds
of vegetables a week
per tower garden, and it's something that
will even produce in the winter. There
are
certain things that
the Lord has talked to
me about.
You always eat vegetables and fruits,
right? You're supposed to, at least like
these smoothies. You can grind it up in
a blender and drink it. What a
treat,
but it'll keep you alive.
But okay, so did you see what the
man from China said, that they want
to take and genetically modify? The Lord
says, 'Stay on
track.'Father,
I thank you, Lord.
Yep, His heart tonight is about the
plague. Do you understand?
I can see it.
He's talking about the plague. He's
talking about
times of sternness,
times of shaking.
You
all
can help me pray into this;
there's a lot here.
This is deep.
There'll be people that try to resist
it and people that try to stay
open. There'll be people that say, 'Not
this time. We'll stay
open.'But
this
virus—never
have I designed you for fear.
Never have I designed you to worry.
I said, 'Cast your
care.'Now
you have to give me a drink.
He's never designed us to take the care,
or have worry about anything, or have any
anxiety about anything. He said, 'Cast
your
care.'But
He's
warning you of that which is to come
according to His word. Matthew 24:
plagues, pestilence—there'll be these
things in the end times, for these are
the beginning of sorrows.
The world has not seen what's about to
take place. Many will say this is about
the
tribulation; this is before the
tribulation.
This is the beginning of
sorrows. This is what He
is
talking about.
But my sons and my daughters,
they'll walk in authority. They'll walk
in the light,
staying
focused on me. Keeping your eyes on me,
for great sorrow
is
ready to begin.
You have to learn your authority. He
just said you're going to have to know
your authority,
and then you'll know. And then you'll go
in
the great flow of my presence.
They're coming in
hot; the people are coming in hot, the
greatest harvest of souls.
This is
a breathing on
the word. You'll see Psalms 91 and
Psalms 23 come alive
to you. A
revelation knowledge of my word
concerning Psalms 23 and Psalms 91 will
become alive to you. A Rhema word.
The authority of the believer.
Walking in your authority.
Pass the test.
There'll be five major shakings
happening all at once: the birthing
pains of My Son's return. You'll see
them all at once: labor pains.
I will show the things you
know.
And the church will rise and
the
great fire will burn inside.
The great war will accelerate
from shore to
shore.
Making the most of this time.
Tsunami waves will come.
A shaking. You will see a
shaking.
And they will come.
Oh, the greatest glory, the
greatest outpouring of my Son, the
greatest outpouring of
the church. You will see the greatest
manifestation on
Earth
for the greatest harvest of souls.
Everything will change within a day.
Never has He designed us
to be afraid of anything.
Perfect love
casteth out all fear. Fear has torment,
and he that feareth is not made perfect
in love. I know my Father loves me.
You must know,
no matter what you see in the days
ahead, no matter what
you experience, my
Father loves me. Perfect love casteth
out all fear. I refuse to fear.
In the very face of adversity,
challenge,
or
death, I refuse to fear.
My Father said He gives His angels
charge over me to bear me up in their
hands, lest we dash our foot against a
stone. Period.
I believe as for me and my house, we
will serve the Lord
regardless of where we are in these end
times: the shaking, the plagues,
the viruses, the wars, the
rumors of wars, the
earthquakes, the tornadoes, and
superstorms.
I refuse to fear. I have
authority.
As He is, so are we in this world. And
if He is in me, I can speak to the
storm. He said, 'Peace, be still'to
the storm,
and it will part around me.
You either know who you are or you're a
believing believer for what's coming, or
you're going to get eaten by the
devourer. You must know who you are and
walk in the authority of the believer
for what's coming. There's no more
church as usual; it's
church unusual. We're about to see
things we've never seen before. And I'm
here to tell you as loud as I can: you
better get your house in order. You
better get your foundation of
the Word of God inside of your spirit,
knowing who you are in Christ, or the
devourer will eat you. We may see
you on the other side, and I'll say,
'Well, at least you made
it.'But
we're to live long and finish
strong.
Be the salt. Don't lose your saltiness.
We must remain salty
in these days
ahead, for it is the salt that causes
them to thirst.
Let the glory of the Lord rise on you;
arise and shine, for the light has
come and the glory of the Lord is risen
upon you.
You better be assured. You better
have a foundation inside that
you're sure
of.
I'm fully persuaded that
what God has promised, He is able also to
perform it. He's a healer, my
deliverer, and my provider.
He'll take care of me in famines,
pestilence, and plagues. He'll take care
of me.
You can store up all the food
you want, your garage full of
food, but then what? You better know
your authority.
If God takes care of the lilies of the
field and the sparrows of the air, how
much more will He take care of us?
You must have confidence that my Father
loves me. I'm hearing this by the spirit
of God as I'm telling you:
you must have confidence. I'm fully
persuaded my Father loves me.
He'll provide for me. He will watch over
me. He will take care of me. Though a
thousand should fall at my side and
10,000 at my right hand, it shall not
come nigh me.
As the storm winds blow,
I thank you, Lord, that you're watching
over me. I know I'm not just talking
about America, folks; I'm talking to
Australia, New
Zealand, Asia,
Africa,
Europe, and all around the
world—South
America. People say,
"Well, it's all about America."You are
mistaken;
it's not about America.
It's Western thinking. You're too
busy thinking with too much Western thinking.
I'm telling you, God's bringing a
revival to Asia
and
South
America, to Brazil. A
major harvest of souls is coming
throughout the whole world. He said,
"North Korea will be saved. I'm going to
visit North Korea."People go,
"Well, how is that possible?"He said,
"I'm going to deal with little Kim. I'm
going to deal with his tyrant sister.
I'm going to deal with these people
and I'm going to give you a window
of
opportunity.
He'll suddenly be gone,
and I will deal with him and
his sister. I'm going to give
you a window of opportunity,
and the people will flood that
nation. The military will rise up and
try to stop it,
but I saw a fire burning like a wildfire
from all across Asia. And the glory
of the Lord was on that fire. It wasn't
a normal fire; it was the Holy
Ghost and fire. And it spread throughout
Asia, South Korea,
North Korea, Japan,
China, Vietnam,
and
all the Middle
East. It spread like Holy Ghost and
fire, but it was not a normal fire like
a
brush fire. We see
the Holy Ghost and fire, and it was the
glory of the Lord. People were getting
healed, with demonstrations and
manifestations of the glory.
It spread throughout Iran
and
these places, and there was
nothing the government could do to stop
it.
The glory of the Lord
goes all throughout Africa
and
South America. But
it's a quick work.
"Well, this is going to last for a long
time, Braden."No, it was a quick work;
it didn't last very long.
The glorious church rose quick. He
said, "I have to make it a quick work
because people's attention span is not
very long. It's very short.
It's like Charlie Kirk—people forget
about that really
quick."We
talk about it being really big
for a couple of weeks, and then it fades
away.
It hits the media every
once in a while, but for the most part,
it's like a wave; it comes
in and retreats.
The glory of the Lord will be a major
wave, and it will happen quickly,
suddenly.
And
He said, "I wish that none
should perish, but all come to
repentance."I
said, "Keep
praying."I
talk too much, but I tell you
what He says to me:
"no
more."For
there will be glory events, not
sporting events. I've said this once. He
said there'll be glory events, not just
sporting events—glory domes, glory
domes.
The soldier man.
Trouble in Panama,
the canal. Trouble in Panama. What is
that about down there
concerning the trafficking?
The Panama Canal
drug trade routes
concerning China.
Oh,
Venezuela,
an escalation of things in Venezuela.
Just like it was with Iraq and Saddam,
an overthrowing of a power.
I see an
overthrowing of power, of a dictator
with the slick hair.
It's the same like Gaddafi. Who's this
man? I hear the word
Gaddafi.
A removing of a tyrant to have revival
within it.
You'll see
Putin
coming to the aid of Venezuela. This
could be a powder keg
for a greater escalation of war.
I see TNT
barrels like on those
cartoons, and it says TNT.
It's
exploding, and there's a fuse and a match,
and
the fuse is getting shorter and shorter
concerning Venezuela,
and Russia is a part of this. They want
to extend the olive branch of peace
to
BRICS.
This is not innocent
on
our part, and
an
escalation.
It's about the oil.
I hear oil.
We must put a kink in the hose. I
see a kink in a water hose
for strategic allies concerning Putin.
And this is concerning
a darkness upon Cuba,
for the electric grid. I see
problems with the infrastructure and the
electric grid by design.
Cyberattacks
because they're getting out of line.
Cracking of a whip.
But the traffickers and the MS-13,
there's gang lords. I
see these gang lords in this, and there's
Santeria.
There's great witchcraft
wrapped into this. I see it
with the candles,
with great gang lords and drug
smugglers.
They're using them.
That's dark.
Cuba.
No, this is demonic religion
there; it's a stronghold.
But God wants to bring a great river of
His presence there and bring revival all
over Cuba.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis?
Don't forget the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Trump,
Russia, old alliances,
old friendships.
I see a darkness on Cuba.
It's dated already, so it's not hard
for the infrastructure of their
grid.
It's old
things. I see an extension cord
from Russia to Cuba, and
it's under the water.
This is symbolic. It's
a black cord,
looks like an internet cord,
a secret cord
in the water.
And this is concerning Venezuela, my
son.
The woman in
Mexico—there's
so much corruption in so many
governments all around.
"How you got in power in the first
place."I
see it.
But there's keys to her, to
Venezuela, and it goes from Venezuela to
her to Cuba.
And they traffic the people through
these tunnels,
and the drugs come up through
their tunnels.
Great corruption in the Hispanic
government.
And
yes,
it's Claudia.
Remember this, though:
it will be concerning Venezuela like an
Iraq.
Venezuela will be like an Iraq. If
it keeps going this way,
Venezuela will be like Iraq.
That's what I keep hearing.
But Russia will step in,
other nations,
little Kim,
because they all have a plan. That's why
I told you they're holding their cards,
waiting for Trump to be done with his
turn.
They want to overthrow and manipulate
the election for 2028.
I see JD Vance prominent.
JD Vance is big and prominent.
I can't say
that—I'm
going to say it.
But an uncovering of a scandal
would try to keep him at bay.
I hear words and I say, "Oh my goodness,
should I say
that?"But
I saw him,
and they're going to try to bring some
stuff out right here to
keep him out.
But that's the choice that they
want for the Republican nation.
I see him very bold,
and there's a carving inside like this.
Are you listening?
It's a carving out,
like when you see a pocket.
There's a scandal,
and it's full of infection,
an abscess
in his side.
And if you take it and
you slice it with one of those
scalpels
and you reveal what's inside,
all the infection tries to ooze out on
the nation.
So pray for this,
for this is the pick,
and it's infection.
Everything looks really healthy other
than this side.
It's down, and it looks like an
infection pocket. I see the word in
that infection pocket; I see the word
'scandal.'You'll
remember that, won't you?
It's very big. It says Watergate.
It's
like a scandal,
an
issue.
In 2026,
they'll say, 'Impeach, impeach,
impeach,'but
they won't have the votes
to do it.
They'll have things they'll try to bring
out. In 2026,
I hear the word
'impeach'—impeach
the
Democrats—but
they won't have the votes.
That's just them.
It's what they'll be saying on TV,
trying to throw things up to
try to derail the midterms.
There
is
some credible evidence here.
We have all this in evidence. You must
pray for 2026.
I'm looking into 2026.
Turbulence.
Listen to me.
I see it this way: Remember, you
have the coin. You can either focus on
the dark or you can focus on the light.
Your choice. The blessing is there. You
can ride the wave and listen to what
He's saying, but the
turbulence is still there.
Many 9/11s,
a
shaking of things to try
to derail things.
Black swan events.
I hear that:
black swan events,
paid demonstrators.
But when it comes to the budget in
January,
I see him fixing this soon.
It's quick. We must pray for the tariffs
and our judges. This is done.
It's not been announced yet, but it's done.
It's already decided upon.
They already know which way they're
going to go.
Amy Coney. Pray for this
woman.
Caiaphas
was
the priest that was involved in the
trial.
Concerning her decisions
is what the Spirit of the Lord said.
Hear me.
I'm seeing her.
She's a very angry woman,
revengeful.
A
vengeful
prosecution
at the house.
Great bitterness.
Things you know not of.
So go back to JD Vance.
The
Lord said, 'Don't keep pushing that on
life.'We
pray for our leaders each day.
A
covering over JD Vance, a covering
over his side. We cover him in the name
of Jesus. There
are
certain
things when you're
dealing with people's
pasts.
Everybody has one;
everybody has
dirty laundry.
The more
you become in the limelight
with these leaders, the
more
the enemy would try to take because
he doesn't want strong leaders over
America.
I'm sure Ron DeSantis has a
past.
Anybody that
has high positions of authority
usually
has some kind of
past;
they got there somehow. Just like I
was
talking about the lady in Mexico; I saw
her in offices, and how people say you
got this way by going to the top.
I'll be
tactful.
You got this way by going
to
the top. This is the way
concerning this woman. This is
darkness.
Everybody has a
past
in these big places.
How did you get there
without Jesus?
There's a price to pay a lot of times
with the devil,
but I'm seeing by
the Spirit of God, if you don't get
there by the Holy Ghost,
there's a 99% chance there's sin involved.
I have seen some stuff
tonight.
I'm
navigating through it.
It's a great responsibility.
But I see 2028,
and JD Vance is standing there.
I hear
Watergate-like
scandal,
and then you see Iran
and
the Secretary of State.
I see another Trump,
Don Jr.,
throwing his name around.
Marco Rubio
and an African-American man,
a
heavy man.
I see a heavy-cheeked Black man,
big and chubby.
But that's not what you should be
focused on. It's who the devil has groomed. I see a
grooming of another person in the
Democratic party,
hand-selected,
that will speak like Obama.
This one is being groomed
to come out soon.
See all the confusion in their party
right now? It's because they've
turned themselves over to a reprobate mind,
and seedtime and harvest is accelerating
all the time,
from George helping fund it.
The darkness around these men funding
this—they're
in Satan's camp.
He has the money and
is
funding it. But
there's so much confusion,
strife, and discord because he's
at that table. Remember I saw the devil
and those principalities?
He was hitting it with
his stick and saying, 'This is
the plan,'and there was confusion in the
camp of the enemy.
But the Lord said, 'Whatever plan he has,
I already knew his
plan.'The
devil can't see the future,
but the Lord can. So He already knows
what he's going to do before
he
does
it.
We serve such a mighty God
who's already got the victory,
who already knows the outcome.
We serve a mighty God
and we're just the little boy or the
little girl that has their hand on the
Daddy's fishing pole, and Dad is helping
us reel in that big fish.
The
kid's so excited, and
the Dad has his hand on there
saying,
'You're doing it,
son.'He
has that big hand on
top of his hand, reeling it in the whole
time.
Stay attached to the vine. We are the
vine, He
is
the branch. Stay
attached.
He's such
a good father.
Co-laborers
with Christ.
Hallelujah. How long are we going?
Almost two hours already.
Not a
mistake.
Praise the Lord.
Lord, do you have anything else you want
to show us tonight? We pray over our
people and our nation. We
thank you for divine protection over
President Trump. You must pray over him.
You must cover him in prayer
concerning
his food and concerning attempts on this
man all the way through the first of the
year.
I saw clear up into July.
2026.
I saw
turbulence.
And I saw the blessing, and I keep seeing
In acceleration, I saw the
church and a cleansing of the
house and great acceleration of things
going into 2026.
I saw prosperity in 2027.
I saw blessing on the
first half of 2027 to try to derail for 2028,
riding the wave
of the glory of the outpouring with
wars. You can
either focus on the dark or
focus on the light. The glorious church
is going to rise, but you're going to
see darkness get darker and light get
lighter.
There's a
two-sided coin.
Things are going to look like all hell's
breaking loose, and you're going to see
the glorious church rising.
You say, 'How can you have
both?'You
will.
And it will be very, very bad, but it's
going to be very, very good. How do you
have both?
That's just the times we're living in.
Watch Israel
in the days ahead. Watch
these things. Watch our nation.
Many 9/11s, I'm telling you, shaking
over the next 90 days: November, December,
and
January. Praying into these months,
going into the first of the year.
Black Friday shoppers, praying over them.
The wolf attack that almost happened in
Michigan;
there's more of them.
Pray they'll
squeal
and that they'll expose whatever else
they know.
We need them to talk.
There's more people in our nation,
a lot
more—over
a thousand that I saw,
100 in each state, 100 in each of
these cities. And I saw all these men.
So
I guess that's good enough. If you want to
pray more, we can pray more, but I
feel the anointing lifting, so I
stopped.
When I feel it come on me and
then
it lifts off, I stop. I say,
'Okay, did you have more today,
Lord?'You
can push a little bit more.
Remember the babies are coming. Remember
the babies and be patient with my
babies.
Thank you for exposing every dark plan
concerning Thanksgiving, the
Rockefeller tree's lighting,
the Black Friday shoppers, and the
parade.
Exposing the darkness concerning the
parade and concerning people driving
their cars,
semitrucks,
not just explosives, but people driving
into crowds,
driving into holiday shoppers, Christmas
shoppers, using their car on
the strip of Las Vegas.
Be attentive; when
people are drunk or whatever, they're
not paying attention to watching over
people driving into people,
using their car as a weapon
on
Rodeo Drive.
Remember I saw a plan around
Salt Lake City.
The Mormons?
What? Remember
the seven deadly sins? Greed that was
focused upon Black Friday. Greed.
And
it was
concerning Black Friday.
Don't forget about the Olympics.
See, all
these things we keep talking about, but
I can
remind you
for the opening ceremony:
a summoning of darkness, a summoning of
witchcraft, a summoning of evil in the
opening ceremony, a summoning of the
Antichrist upon Europe.
But the virus is not yet.
Most people say, 'Well, it's coming
soon.'No,
it's not yet.
Father, we give you praise and glory.
Father, we pray against that darkness
over New York that I see. I see that
it's like a quilt of darkness. I
wonder if you can feel it if you live
there.
For when the righteous rule, the
people rejoice,
and when the wicked rule, the
people mourn.
There are shouts of joy. Remember that
Ron Kenoly song,
'Shouts of Joy'?
There are shouts of joy. When the
righteous prosper, there are shouts of
joy.
Your hand will be lifted up and triumph
over your enemies,
and all of your foes
will be destroyed.
Shouts of joy.
Thank you, Lord,
for this time of prayer. But I have to
ask you: do you know my friend?
I say all this stuff to tell you none of
this matters if you
don't know Him.
If Jesus Christ does not know you as
your
Lord and personal
Savior?
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity? I've told you a lot
of things that I'm praying
about: the nations, a turning over
in Venezuela like Iraq,
corruption in a lot of governments.
But none of that matters if you die
today.
Where will you spend eternity?
That's what matters.
Nothing else matters.
There's a heaven to gain
and a hell to shun. Where will you spend
eternity? If you were to die today,
where would you spend eternity?
I want you to really search your heart
right now. The Bible says it's appointed
unto man once to die and after that the
judgment.
The very shoes you put on today to go to
work, the undertaker might be
taking them off that night.
No one is promised tomorrow. No one.
I want you to search your heart right
now. Does Jesus know you?
Well, I've heard a lot about Him, Brandon.
My grandma taught me, my parents...
but I've been in and
out of church my whole life. But does
Jesus know you?
For wide is the gate that leads to
destruction,
and narrow is the way to the
Lord. Narrow is the way
and few are those who find
it.
Very few. Not very many. That means you
might be one of them that doesn't find it.
Do you know Him? Few are those
that find it. The Lord says
narrow is the way, but broad is the way
to destruction.
Sin is fine for a season,
but I'm telling you, there's coming a
day when the door is closing
and you won't have an opportunity to
accept Jesus Christ anymore.
Tonight is the night of salvation.
Tonight is the night of repentance.
You must know that He's coming. You must
know that Jesus Christ is coming and the
door is closing. The Bible says, 'As in
the days of Noah, so will it be when the
Son of Man returns.'I'm telling you,
the ark door is closing to
this dispensation of
grace. The door is closing. We're about
to step over into the tribulation. But I
don't believe that the church goes
through the tribulation.
I believe that God is not a
wife-beater.
We're His church, His
bride.
I believe that we're by His side. He
comes back for us in a moment, in
the
twinkling of an eye. We'll all be caught
up. I believe that we're the church and
we're the last generation. We're the
generation that will not taste death.
But I need you right now to make a
decision. Either way, you're going to
make a decision. Either you choose Jesus
or you choose the world. I want you
to choose Jesus today. But I can't force
you;
unless a man or a woman is born again,
he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
There's only one way to the Father, and
that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
So I want you tonight to make a
decision.
Jesus died for you publicly, so I
need you to be public about your
decision tonight. I want you to put in
the comment section right now: 'I want to
be saved. I need Jesus. I was a sinner,
Brandon, and I want to be saved.'I don't
want to sin. I want to be with Him.
Or you could be one of the ones who says, 'I
used to be on fire for the Lord, but I
turned my back on Him.'He never turned
His back on me, but I turned my
back on Him. I went back to the vomit
that I used to be a part of.
I was saved for a season and
I turned my back on the Father and I
went back to what I used to be into.
But tonight, I want to rededicate my
heart to Him. I want to rededicate my
life to Jesus. I want to come back to
Him and I want to sell out to Him. I
want to be all-in again.
I'll
give you a little bit of time
to
make your decision, but you're
running out of time.
As you think about it,
Jesus paid the price for you.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in
victory over sin, walk in victory over
sickness and disease, and poverty and
lack. Jesus paid the price for you and
He loves you so much. He's an
ever-present help in a time of need.
You may be in the darkest valley of your
life and you're looking and saying, 'I
don't know how I'm going to get out of
this.'Give
Jesus a try. Turn
your heart over to Him right now and
look what He'll do for you.
Watch what He'll do for you.
I want you to say this simple prayer
after me. It's not a hard prayer; a
five-year-old could say
it
and mean it.
He said, 'Come to Him as little
children.'Not
as
adults—we're
as children. So I want
you to say this simple little prayer and
mean it with your whole heart. Say,
'Jesus,
I believe You're the Son of God. I
believe that You died for me and You
rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner and I need a Savior. I ask
You to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to cleanse me from all
unrighteousness.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my
back on the world. I turn my back on the
devil. I turn my back on my sin. And I
serve You from this day
forward. I dedicate my heart to You. I
dedicate my life to You and I ask You to
help me. I can't do this on my own and I
know You don't expect me to.
Jesus, I make You my best friend. I
make You my ever-present help
in a time of need. You're everything I
need.
Thank You, Lord, that You've forgiven
me. Thank You that You've written my
name
in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank You, Lord, that You're giving
me a fresh, clean start. As far as the
east is from the west, Lord, You said
You've
taken my sins from me.
They're cast in the sea of
forgetfulness. You'll never remember
them ever again. They're all washed in
the blood.
And when I fall, I don't run from God
when I sin; I run to God.
And from this day forward, my sin is
none of the devil's business.
Father, I commit my heart to You.
Thank You, Father.
I'm saved. Amen and amen.'I believe if
you just said that prayer, as simple as
it was, you're a born-again Christian.
Behold, I make all things new.
You're a joint-heir with Jesus Christ.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. And He
will help you.
He will help you with what you've been
messing with. He'll help you. You turn
it over to God. I must choose to
follow Jesus. I get to choose.
I don't have to; I get to. It's an honor
to follow Jesus. It's an honor to make
Him my Lord and personal Savior.
Well, what do you do
now? Well, if Diana and I—what we
would do—we'd go to a
non-denominational church. People get
upset about that, but that's where we
would go. It's just my personal
preference. Non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there. Tell that pastor,
'I just got born again watching a
YouTube broadcast and I need to be
water-baptized.'Get
water-baptized. Get
plugged into that church. Usher,
volunteer, go to classes—do whatever
you've
got to do to get plugged in there
and keep that
flame fanned inside of you.
Read your Bible every single day. Pray
with us. Come here and pray, and
that's basically the Christian life.
You just keep going. Witness and tell
people about what you did today.
Tell people, 'I got born again and Jesus
is the most wonderful thing
ever.'Now,
if you can't afford a Bible,
Diana
and I want to celebrate your decision
tonight by buying you your first Bible.
We're a little behind on some of them
because there's a lot of you getting
saved, but we want to tell you, we're
excited about your decision and we want
to give you your first Bible. Tell them
how to get that Bible, baby.
If you look in the description of the
video, you'll find our email address.
And if you just put in the title, 'I need
a Bible,'and then put your name and
address
in the body of the email, we will
get one to you.
That's right. And we just want to
celebrate your decision tonight.
So exciting.
The angels in heaven are rejoicing.
The great cloud of witnesses, they're
rejoicing. Sixty-two of you gave your heart to
Jesus Christ tonight. Sixty-two is what
Braden's telling me as of right now and
it keeps growing. So sixty-two people gave
their heart to Jesus Christ and we want
to say, 'Welcome to the family.'Welcome to
the family of God. All sixty-two
of you—last
time was over almost a hundred and some, and
tonight sixty-two so far. So we give all glory
to Jesus and say He's changing us from
glory to glory. He's
changing us. His likeness
and image to perfect in me, the love of
God shown to the world. For He's
changing;
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies. His likeness and image
to perfect in me, the love of God shown
to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing you.
His likeness
and image to perfect in me, the love of
God shown to the world.
Thank You, Father. I have a little
drainage again tonight. I'm taking my
stuff. I go, 'Boy, the enemy doesn't like
me singing that.'He tries to
attack me. I say, 'But he's a
loser.'And
I don't care what y'all say; you
shouldn't call Satan a loser. He's a
big
loser. So, I'm going to say it
again.
The devil is a loser. He's not a winner.
The Bible says that the Lord
triumphed over him in it. He made a
display of him openly. He took his
thumbs off. Do you understand? He has no
backbone. He's a loser. Satan is a liar
and he's been defeated. And we overcome
him by the blood of the Lamb and by the
word of our testimony.
And we are more than conquerors
through Him who is in us. We're more
than conquerors.
That means we're more than a conqueror.
A conqueror is a conqueror, but
we're more than a conqueror.
Jesus paid the price for You to walk in
victory. Ladies and gentlemen, you don't
have to be afraid of the devil.
Jesus said—the Word of God says in
Ephesians—that
we are seated with Him
in the heavenlies. We're seated with
Him. When Christ sat down, we sat down
with Him,
making a display of him.
When Christ sat down, we sat down with
Him.
As He is, so are we in this world. You
either believe it or you don't.
I want to be a believing believer, not a
doubter,
when Christ paid the price for all of us
to walk in victory over the devil. So,
who is a loser here? The devil. That's
why I say it. People say, 'Well, you
shouldn't
call the devil a loser. You should
be afraid of that.'Are you kidding me?
When Christ sat down, we sat down with
Him.
He triumphed over him.
Well, that's a scripture; it's what the
Bible says. We can show you in the Word.
I believe it. I'm a believer and not a
doubter. I'm an overcomer.
We have to believe what the Word of God
says—not
saying that the enemy comes like
a roaring lion seeking whom he may
devour, but he is toothless to the
believing believer. To be absent from
the body is to be present with the Lord.
That's a victory. I've got the victory
either on this side or the other side. I
am
victorious no matter what
I do. As long as I'm seeking Him, I am
victorious.
In this body or out of the body, I'm
We don't lose.
We are the winners.
Who's a loser here? The one that's going
to burn in hell for eternity. He's a
loser.
And a believing believer goes to heaven
forever, where he was and got kicked out
of and was shot down like a bolt of
lightning because he betrayed our
Father.
Anybody who believed they could
overthrow God is a real idiot.
I've
seen him and he scares
me spitless because of the fear of the
Lord.
He is God and He is mighty.
And anything, any creature, anything
that was created that thinks they can
overpower our Father is a
real—it's
just real.
Now, do you know he's smart? And
yeah, he's studied humanity
for how many thousands of years now? So,
he knows how to conquer and do things.
But I'm going to tell you, if you stay
under the Word, we are on the victory
side.
You be on the victory side of things.
And if you take your communion,
you understand who you are and you read
books like Sister Billye's on the
authority of the believer—this one has
communion on it—and you meditate on who
you are in Christ, you live on the
victory side of things.
Not saying he doesn't try to come and test
it, but you've got to know who you are when
he does. What was the main thing the
Lord said tonight?
'You must understand for what's coming:
Psalms 91 and Psalms 23, or you're not
going to make
it.'That's
what He said. He said it again
tonight, didn't He? In prayer.
You're not going to make it for the days
ahead if you don't have a foundation of
the Word of God.
You must know who you are.
So, all glory to Jesus for all 62
people. We know
that he's coming soon. And it's time for
you to get your heart right. It's time,
church, to wake up and be busy about our
father's business.
So, all glory to Jesus. Could you do us
a favor before we close here? I
know it's two hours and 10 minutes.
We've kept you a long
time and I don't want you to become
weary. We'll make little segments for
you to respect your time out
of this. Hey, is that the man
there? Asking?
Yeah, that's the man. He has chubby
cheeks.
He has thick cheeks.
Brian Donald.
Yep, that's the man.
They'll try to push him to be a
forerunner to be a president.
Yep. That's him. He's African-American
with chubby cheeks. I don't mean
disrespect toward the man, but do you
see what I'm talking about? His cheeks
are big.
Yeah.
He has a great smile. He's
happy.
I know the way I describe people and
things is just kind of simple. I think
simple, but it's just the way it is, you
know? I'm not like everybody else, but
that's what he looked like to me. His
face is happy. He has big
cheeks,
but that's the man I saw.
They'll push him in the days ahead.
They'll want to his
there's like he'll try to come on the
scene and say, "I'm running."And things
will happen is what I saw with that man.
He'll want to see if he has support.
I don't know if he's good or bad or
what, but I saw him.
He might be a good believer and I'd
support him for what I saw about the
poison in the sight. I can't get into
any of that, but I'm telling you a
scandal, and he might be the
better bet here because I don't see no
scandal.
And so we pray for JD Vance.
That's Gaddafi. You see him?
He was taken out.
And Gaddafi, Saddam Hussein, and the man
in Brazil, their faces all came before
me tonight.
They want to get rid of that man with
the slick hair and they want to bring
him in. But what will they do when this
happens?
What kind of government? A proxy
government
puppet similar to what they want to do
with
Zelensky
with the elderly man that has gray hair.
And I saw them and
Zelensky
goes bye-bye. And I saw a
puppet government come in this
pro-Russia, trying to
deescalate the war. And I saw a plan,
but not knowing if that plan will take
place. But I saw chatter
for a proxy government.
Do they have more questions?
You can see all of it. If not, then
I'll go eat my turkey sandwich.
I'm trying not to be fussy about it.
But I got to get off 100 pounds. Can
you believe that? Again, I just go, "Oh,
God, help me during the
season."But
you know what's interesting is that
everybody has the things
that they overcome and food has been a
problem for me in the natural. I like my
sweets. I like my stuff.
But it's what the Lord requires.
Everybody got something. Thank God. Some
people got alcohol they're overcoming.
Some people are overcoming porn. Some
people are overcoming cigarettes. Some
people are overcoming whatever. But
Brandon likes chocolate.
And it's like the thing
in the body of Christ. People don't look
at it and go, "Well, it's a
scandal."You
know, he likes his ice cream, boy.
He likes to go to Baskin Robbins and
have an ice cream sundae.
It's a scandal.
I'm obese.
I like my stuff. It's
genetics. Goes for my mother and her
father. And we all like ice cream. You
know, it's like it's not good. But
you know what? I'm an overcomer. And I
call those things that be not as though
they were. And the Lord keeps
giving me dream after dream after dream
telling me about my walking and eating.
And he said, I said, "Okay, Father. Okay,
I get it. I get it. I understand. I
drink the green
stuff."You
look at this. Who says that
looks appetizing?
Can you even see that? It looks like
baby.
I told Paisley, "You got to drink your
baby poop."It's like, does that even
look appetizing to you? Can you even
see that?
Yeah.
That is nasty.
It's green, so it's a little bit
transparent.
Okay. Well, it probably looks green
because it has a forest
in it. So, I'm trying to tell y'all you
God help anybody. We have to drink that.
It makes you feel good.
For somebody who don't overcome weight
issues, I try to I said, "God, lay
hands on me and give me an anointing.
Father, just like I say, lay hands on me
to be like I fall out in the Holy Ghost.
Touch me."And I because he gives me that
anointing. I need help. She has
self-discipline.
It's like chalky, nasty. That's
supposed to. I like to have a
chocolate shake from Baskin
Robbins.
Give me that. It's a lot better,
especially after church on Wednesday
nights.
God bless it.
But the Lord said this time, he said,
"Brandon,
this is not a race.
It's a marathon. This is what I want you
to do for the rest of your life."And I
said, "Oh,
wonderful. I'm so excited, Father.
Woohoo.
I want you to exercise for the rest of
your life. Woohoo.
I'm so
excited."It's
like, "No,
whatever."No.
I'm so excited.
Just rejoicing.
So funny.
Remember that little girl with their
mama said, "How does it
taste?"She
goes, "It's okay. It's good."So good.
She was gagging.
Yeah.
So good.
And to all you that ask the stuff that
you see, have you told anybody in
authority? Yes. I had a long
conversation with somebody today. That's
all I can say. So know that
it's been relayed to somebody important.
And everything that I've been told and I
see, even things I can't share on here,
have all been uploaded to the people in
authority today. So that's all I can
say. But I'm so thankful for the
people that God has put in my life
that have
authority.
Yes.
So we're up to date. It was a long
conversation over an hour, but very
thankful for them. And so everybody
knows everything
they need to know. And I was told
I've been being watched by people
that are really cool. I'm very thankful
for the people that are watching. Is
that the little girl? Play her.
Play that little girl.
I love this little girl.
Her mom made spaghetti. I think it's
the back story of it and she
made it and she didn't like it.
She understands it all.
How is it?
Good.
It looks like you're
enjoying yourself.
Oh, yeah. That looks like you're
enjoying.
You okay?
Are you enjoying?
I'm okay.
Okay.
I'm okay. That's what I did right there.
I'm okay.
Glory to God.
Well, praise the Lord. Thank you for
joining us tonight. Did they have any
questions? That's it.
That's it. We gave an altar call. We
prayed over all these things. There's
a lot of things there and so we have to
pray for the infection for him. I mean
what I saw is very serious. So God
bless it. Remember put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you and
we'll see you again soon. God bless
y'all.